you
welcome at the review of the casio
fishing gear watch this watch can be
picked up for around 100 euros there's a
lot of neat features in it for a watch
this price for instance the temperature
readout at the top at the right side of
the top you have the moon phase detector
you have the date and the day of the
week seconds digital time and analog
time the way I use this watch I always
use the digital time for the time zone
that I am in and the analog time for the
time zone I will keep track of let me
give you some perspective of the watch
you
okay so we are in timekeeping mode you
can see the temperature on top with this
button here you can see if the
temperature is going up or going down at
the moment you see the temperature is
slightly rising the temperature is
measured every two minutes on the right
side of the temperature you have the
moon face you can see it's all covered
now it's all black which means there's a
new moon when there is nothing covered
so it's completely empty there's no
black parts there it's full moon
depending on the moon phase and the
watch calculates the best time for you
to go fishing it has something to do
with the tides of the of the water so
with full moon or when the new moon is
there you will see all these fishes here
and now the watch even says fish fish
which means it's the best time for you
to go fishing fishes will go to the
surface and you have a much better
chance of catching a fish okay you see
the temperature is dropping because I'm
not wearing this watch on my wrist at
the moment so the temperature readout of
the room where I am in it's more
accurate of course when you are not
wearing it on your wrist to get accurate
temperature you need to wait at least
half an hour for the watch to cool down
and measure the original temperature
okay I will now browse to the features
of this watch
this mode works in conjunction with the
moon phase detector it gives a clear
image if it's if it's the right time for
you to go fishing the exact logic of
this function is not clear to me but I
know it has something to do with the
fishing capabilities of this watch but I
never use this watch for fishing I just
like this watch because it looks - then
it has nice features in it for
reasonable price okay this is the record
function you can put a couple of daily
alarms in here and you can let's say for
instance let it ring at ten o'clock in
the morning or two o'clock in the
afternoon depending on event you have
that require your attention okay this is
a stopwatch function we all know what
that is start stop and reset you can
time events countdown timer let's say
for instance you're boiling food like
spaghetti you need to wait eight minutes
put it to eight minutes and to countdown
and it will give it time on time it will
let you hear a signal so the eight
minutes are gone the alarm function
again you can store up to five daily
alarms in here very useful - when you
wake up don't have any alarm in the in
the area you just set it to your watch
and it will wake you
finally the world time function you can
store a lot of studies in here
all the all the major cities in this
world is stored here so it's very easy
to keep track on different cities and
different time zones but since I already
use the analog time for displaying the
other time zone that I'm interested in
that I barely don't have to use this one
you can of course at the end load time
zone also to the time zone that you are
in but then you have the analog and the
digital time zone displaying the same
time which is a little bit useless in my
eyes but that's just my opinion as you
can see the moonface is now totally
empty if you would see this in
timekeeping mode it would mean that it's
a full moon and it's it's always right
when you when you look at the indicator
and you look outside and when it's night
is always correct no matter where you
are in the world pretty neat ok we're
back in time keeping mode now I'm going
to display you the illumination of this
watch I will now display the
illumination of this watch
press it and it lights up for a couple
of seconds